docs: add a dedicated page for tests with more information (#3019)
docker-mailserver/docker-mailserver: docs/content/contributing/tests.md

3. Execute `git submodule update --init --recursive` if you haven't already initialized the git submodules

### Executing Test(s)

We use `make` to run commands. You will first need to build the container image via `make build`. You can then:

1. Run all tests: `make clean tests`
2. Run a single test: `make clean generate-accounts test/<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>`
3. Run multiple unrelated tests: `make clean generate-accounts test/<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>,<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>` (just add a `,` and then immediately write the new test name)
4. Run a whole set or all serial tests: `make clean generate-accounts tests/parallel/setX` where `X` is the number of the set or `make clean generate-accounts tests/serial`

??? tip "Setting the Degree of Parallelization for Tests"

    If your machine is capable, you can increase the amount of tests that are run simultaneously by prepending the `make clean all` command with `BATS_PARALLEL_JOBS=X` (i.e. `BATS_PARALLEL_JOBS=X make clean all`). This wil speed up the test procedure. You can also run all tests in serial by setting `BATS_PARALLEL_JOBS=1` this way.

>     The default value of `BATS_PARALLEL_JOBS` is 2. If your system has the available resources spare to support increasing the amount of active jobs, the test suite can finish more quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The default value of `BATS_PARALLEL_JOBS` is 2. This can be increased if your system has the resources spare to support running more jobs at once to complete the test suite sooner.
```

!!! warning "Test Output when Running in Parallel"

    [When running tests in parallel][docs-bats-parallel] (_with `make clean generate-accounts tests/parallel/setX`_), BATS will delay outputting the results until completing all test cases within a file.

    This also delays test failures as a result. When troubleshooting parallel set tests, you may prefer to run them serially as advised below.

    When writing tests, ensure that parallel set tests still pass when run in parallel. You need to account for other tests running in parallel that may interfere with your own tests logic.

### An Example

Let's say you adjusted Rspamd and want to see whether you did not introduce a regression. Of course, you already made up your mind and did your best to ensure that beforehand. You want to run only the Rspamd test in the beginning, so you use:

```console
$ make clean generate-accounts test/rspamd
rspamd.bats
 ✓ [Rspamd] Postfix's main.cf was adjusted [12]
 ✓ [Rspamd] normal mail passes fine [44]
 ✓ [Rspamd] detects and rejects spam [122]
 ✓ [Rspamd] detects and rejects virus [189]
```

> But then you realize that the Rspamd test is somehow also testing ClamAV functionality. You also want to test ClamAV, and because you made changes, you want to run the Rspamd test again, so you go ahead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your feature work progresses your change for Rspamd also interacts with ClamAV. As your change now spans more than just the Rspamd test file, you could run multiple test files serially:
```

```console
$ make clean generate-accounts test/rspamd,clamav
rspamd.bats
 ✓ [Rspamd] Postfix's main.cf was adjusted [12]
 ✓ [Rspamd] normal mail passes fine [44]
 ✓ [Rspamd] detects and rejects spam [122]
 ✓ [Rspamd] detects and rejects virus [189]
clamav.bats
 ✓ [ClamAV] log files exist at /var/log/mail directory [68]
 ✓ [ClamAV] should be identified by Amavis [67]
 ✓ [ClamAV] freshclam cron is enabled [76]
 ✓ [ClamAV] env CLAMAV_MESSAGE_SIZE_LIMIT is set correctly [63]
 ✓ [ClamAV] rejects virus [60]
```

> You're mostly finished, so want to check the parallel set that Rspamd and ClamAV tests belong to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You're almost finished with your change before submitting it as a PR. It's a good idea to run the full parallel set those individual tests belong to (_especially if you've modified any tests_):
```

```console
$ make clean generate-accounts tests/parallel/set1
default_relay_host.bats
 ✓ [Relay] (ENV) 'DEFAULT_RELAY_HOST' should configure 'main.cf:relayhost' [88]
spam_virus/amavis.bats
 ✓ [Amavis] SpamAssassin integration should be active [1165]
spam_virus/clamav.bats
 ✓ [ClamAV] log files exist at /var/log/mail directory [73]
 ✓ [ClamAV] should be identified by Amavis [67]
 ✓ [ClamAV] freshclam cron is enabled [76]
...
```

> In the end, before opening the PR, you want to test everything because you want to give maintains an easy time reviewing your nice PR, so you run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even better, before opening a PR run the full test suite:
```

```console
$ make clean tests
...
```

> [//]: # (Links)

Reviewer: ? Is this doing anything in particular?

Author: Just a markdown comment; I can remove it though.

> [//]: # (Links)

Author: ```suggestion
```

> 
> [//]: # (Links)

Author: ```suggestion
```

## Running Tests

### Prerequisites

To run the test suite, you will need to

1. [Install Docker][get-docker]
2. Install `jq` and (GNU) `parallel` (under Ubuntu, use `sudo apt-get -y install jq parallel`)
3. Execute `git submodule update --init --recursive` if you haven't already initialized the git submodules

### Executing Test(s)

We use `make` to run commands. You will first need to build the container image via `make build`. You can then

1. Run all tests: `make clean tests`
2. Run a single test: `make clean generate-accounts test/<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>`
3. Run multiple unrelated tests: `make clean generate-accounts test/<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>,<TEST NAME WITHOUT .bats SUFFIX>` (just add a `,` and then immediately write the new test name)
4. Run a whole set or all serial tests: `make clean generate-accounts tests/parallel/setX` where `X` is the number of the set or `make clean generate-accounts tests/serial`

??? example "Run One or Multiple Specific Test(s)"

    Multiple test files can be run sequentially with a `,` delimiter between file names: `make test/tls_letsencrypt,tls_manual`

>     To run only the tests in `template.bats`, use `make clean test/template` (or with relative path: `make clean test/parallel/set2/template`).

Reviewer 2: Isn't this redundant compared to the listing directly above?

Author: Yes, yes it is. I will remove it.

Author: Done in 741c116
